Change the issue type to Prefect 2.0 (#5629)
PrefectHQ/prefect: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/3. orion.md

---

> name: Prefect 2.0
> about: "Report a bug or request a feature for Prefect 2.0"
> title: 'Orion: '
> labels: orion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Prefect 2.0
about: "Report a bug or request a feature for Prefect 2.0"
labels: v2
```
